Update circular-dependency.md (#1458)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/fundamentals/circular-dependency.md

We also describe resolving circular dependencies between modules.

> > warning **Warning** A circular dependency might also be caused when using "barrel files"/index.ts files to group imports. Barrel files should be omitted when it comes to modules/providers. For more details please also see [this github issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/1181#issuecomment-430197191). 

Reviewer: I think we could re-word this to something along the lines of "Barrel files should not be used when importing files within the same directory as the barrel file, i.e. `cats/cats.controller` should not import `cats` to import the `cats/cats.service` file".

Author: @jmcdo29 Thanks for the review. I have updated the text as suggested.

> > warning **Warning** A circular dependency might also be caused when using "barrel files"/index.ts files to group imports. Barrel files should be omitted when it comes to modules/providers. So barrel files should not be used when importing files within the same directory as the barrel file, i.e. `cats/cats.controller` should not import `cats` to import the `cats/cats.service` file. For more details please also see [this github issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/1181#issuecomment-430197191). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> warning **Warning** A circular dependency might also be caused when using "barrel files"/index.ts files to group imports. Barrel files should be omitted when it comes to module/provider classes. For example, barrel files should not be used when importing files within the same directory as the barrel file, i.e. `cats/cats.controller` should not import `cats` to import the `cats/cats.service` file. For more details please also see [this github issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/1181#issuecomment-430197191). 
```
